Add guidance on editing asset definitions (#1538)
sensu/sensu-docs: content/sensu-go/5.10/reference/assets.md

filters      | 
-------------|------ 

> description  | A set of [Sensu query expressions][1] used to determine if the asset should be installed. If multiple expressions are included, each expression must return true in order for Sensu to install the asset.<br><br>Filters for _check_ assets should match entity environments, while filters for _handler and filter_ assets should match your Sensu backend environment. Asset filters let you reuse checks across platforms safely, giving you the ability to assign subscriptions by role instead of by platform. You can create asset filter expressions using any supported [entity system attributes][10], including `os`, `arch`, `platform`, and `platform_family`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description  | A set of [Sensu query expressions][1] used to determine if the asset should be installed. If multiple expressions are included, each expression must return true in order for Sensu to install the asset.<br><br>Filters for _check_ assets should match agent entity platforms, while filters for _handler and filter_ assets should match your Sensu backend platform. Asset filters let you reuse executables and libraries across platforms safely, giving you the ability to assign subscriptions by role instead of by platform. You can create asset filter expressions using any supported [entity system attributes][10], including `os`, `arch`, `platform`, and `platform_family`.
```

 filter      | 
-------------|------

> description  | Filters specifying the operating system and architecture supported by the asset

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description  | Filter expressions describing the operating system and architecture supported by the asset
```
